When you're a little, you just want to be happy, but sadly, my father had a problem with alcohol and no child wants to live through that.
One day, my family from the United States came to visit us. They looked so happy.
The way they talked it was as though they only had fun, a good life, no economic problems.
I was shocked. I asked myself, how can we live in such poverty while their life is so great? That was the life I wanted for my family.
So, when I was nine years old, I left my mother and the rest of my family to cross the border into the United States.
I lived in a pretty rough neighborhood, so I joined a local gym to learn how to defend myself.
The trainer, Leo, he was like a father to me.
He always tried to give us good advice. Raymond was part of the boxing team.
He was a good friend. We got along really well. He respected me and he looked after me.
After several years of being around Raymond and the other members of the team, I felt really comfortable.
To some extent, I admired him because I could see he was really doing well because Raymond was selling drugs.
I knew that it wasn't right. But in time, I began to sell drugs as well.
Raymond was in a drug deal going wrong where he was murdered.
I said to myself, this could happen to me too. It had been six years since I had seen my mom and my siblings.
My mother was studying the Bible with Jehovah's Witnesses. It helped her cope with a lot of suffering.
It brought her peace. She was so happy.
I began to realize that this was what I really needed.
I also thought about my friends at the gym.
I wanted them to understand why life was so hard for all of us.
So I returned to the United States. But they weren't interested.
My trainer, Leo, told me I didn't need to sell drugs anymore.
He could make me a professional boxer and I could help out my family in that way.
He even gave me a nickname, the Bible boy. But I realized that was just a temporary solution.
What I was learning was going to help forever. I was determined to serve Jehovah.
I returned to Mexico. I started to study the Bible and take it seriously.
I began to view Jehovah as my father because he helped me to find real relief from my pain.
To have peace, a tranquility that makes you feel accepted, loved and wanted.
I have enjoyed an incredible life serving Jehovah.
Decades later, my father was baptized as one of Jehovah's Witnesses.
Jehovah has been so kind to me. My family and my siblings.
Truly, I have no way to repay Jehovah for the life he has given me.
I've had so many blessings in my life.
A wonderful wife, great friends, including those that I serve alongside in Bethel.
I'm not on my own anymore.
Jehovah has given me a life full of real meaning, purpose and so much happiness.